License Agreement for Free Items

NOTE - The license terms are identical to those of the paid items from the3dmodelstore (except the 'applicable fee' is paid for when you click through the interstitial ad to download the item).
Having free models available for commercial use is quite rare and I'd be very happy if you credit me in your game with a link back to the site (Matthew Haywood, www.the3dmodelstore.com)

This is a legal agreement between you and The3dModelStore.
If you proceed to download any products, you hereby agree to all of the terms and conditions set forth below. The products are only licensed to you; they are not sold to you.

The products contained herein are owned by The3dModelStore.
The3dModelStore grants to you a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable license to use the products. This license is valid only with 
respect to the products and only if you have paid the applicable fee. All rights are reserved and will be revoked if you do not follow these terms of use.

The products may be used Royalty Free:

1) For personal or commercial use.
2) For advertising or promotional use.
3) For a website or in any electronic devices.
4) In broadcast, multimedia, video games or animation.
5) In books or magazines.
6) The products may be modified for individual style and appearance.

(Once you've paid the applicable fee, the products can be used any number of times in the ways described)

You are not permitted to:

Market, distribute, give, transfer, sell or sublicense the products in any format except as part of a greater work, of which you are the author. 

Subject to feasibility, we ask that you make every effort to protect the products from theft when used as part of a greater work. However, we place
no formal obligation on this matter as we appreciate the difficulty involved.

If you are at all unclear about how the conditions of this license agreement pertain to your intended use of the products in question,
don't hesitate to email admin@the3dmodelstore.com so we can clear up the confusion.